Replace "option" in doc when it refers to a flag (#11050)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/user-extensions/proof-schemes.rst

.. warning::

>    You have to be careful with this flag since Coq may now reject well-defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You have to be careful with these flags since Coq may now reject well-defined
```

Would be better to indent the `.. warning::` block within the `.. flag::` block to better indicate the scope of the warning.
